GQI - Add IGQIOnInit and IGQIOnDestory methods to custom operators (#2861)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/Dashboards_and_Low_Code_Apps/GQI/Extensions/API_Reference/IGQIOptimizableOperator.md

#### Parameters

- [IGQIOperatorNode](xref:GQI_IGQIOperatorNode) `currentNode`: A reference to the current node.

- [IGQICoreOperator](xref:GQI_IGQICoreOperator) `nextOperator`: A reference to the next operator.

#### Examples

##### Append (default behavior)

To append an operator to a query node, you can call its `Append(IGQICoreOperator)` method.

```csharp
public IGQIOperatorNode Optimize(IGQIOperatorNode currentNode, IGQICoreOperator nextOperator)
{
    return currentNode.Append(nextOperator);
}
```

##### Combine operations

To combine functionality from a subsequent operator, you can modify the custom operator logic and then return the current node.

```csharp
public IGQIOperatorNode Optimize(IGQIOperatorNode currentNode, IGQICoreOperator nextOperator)
{
    // Configure this custom operator to also handle the functionality of the next operator
    ConfigureMyCustomLogicFor(nextOperator);

    // Return our current node that is now also responsible for the next operation
    return currentNode;
}
```

##### Unconditionally forward

> To forward any operator, i.e. to give it more priority than your own custom operator, you can call the `Forward(IGQICoreOperator)` on the current `IGQIOperatorNode`.

Reviewer: I'd prefer to rephrase this to avoid the "your own", as this sounds a bit odd here. We can't assume that the operator was made by whoever is reading this, so it's better to make this less personal. Would this be OK?
```suggestion
To forward any operator, i.e. to give it more priority than another custom operator, you can call `Forward(IGQICoreOperator)` on the current `IGQIOperatorNode`.
```
